When you were younger, life seemed so simple, you did your best to do what's right, giving answers and preaching the good news.
You would pray each and every night, but as you got older with this world trying to mold you, suddenly it was not so easy to be knocking on those doors.
But as you get taller, smarter, trying to work harder, never let go of Jehovah.
The best is still in store.
You have a treasured place in Jehovah's house, it'll help you out.
And you have so much to offer, so much to do.
Jehovah sees your faith knowing, treasures you.
Like all the trials have just begun, growing anxious from all of us.
Talk to God, He always listens.
And as you get wiser, find the ways you can apply the truth in your life.
Feel the joy of sacrifice, and as you get taller, smarter, trying to work harder, never let go of Jehovah.
The best is still in store.
Just ask the ones who did it, who did it, you won't regret it, just ask the ones who did it.